{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19200\viewh12480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 Introduction
\b0 \
Seguendo le basi poste da \'85 e \'85 (cit), abbiamo potuto provvedere alla costruzione di una supersampling antialising machine for time. Tramite tale macchina abbiamo potuto ricevere bla bla impulsi bla bla bla. Tramite un sistema di keywords, abbiamo filtrato unicamente i risultati concernenti la computer music.\
\'a0La costruzione \'e8 dettagliata in un articolo che apparir\'e0 in \'85 In questa sede pubblichiamo invece le trascrizioni (in traduzione) dei primi risultati che siamo riusciti ad ottenere decodificando gli impulsi. La decodifica non \'e8 sempre banale, ed errori di trascrizioni.\
Non sappiamo dire se tali frammenti provengano effettivamente da convegni ICMC remoti o se siano uno strano effetto collaterale del riconoscimento fonetico (cit) che abbiamo preventivamente applicato. Abbia il lettore la pazienza di scartare gli estratti che gli paiano implausibili.\
\

\b Estratto 1, oggi (ricevuto il XX\'85.., frequenza YYYY, decodificato tramite WWWW)
\b0 \
(\'85) che non siano\'a0\
\
\

\b Estratto 2 (ricevuto il XX\'85.., frequenza YYYY, decodificato tramite WWWW)
\b0 \
Bob drinks organic food, and drives a Prya drone. Bob doesn't settle for anything in life. Bob wants 
\i his
\i0  music, and that's why he's purchasing the brand new Max17.\
Max17 features a stunning tridimensional design, allowing to create, share and sell exabytes of musical content in the blink of an eye. Once you launch Max 17, all you need to do is say out loud your musical ideas. Strumming ukuleles? Spaceship yettorock? Max17 will automatically infer all the relevant information from your Gmail history log, and will provide you with an holistic visualization of your music (figura...). Need to change your sound? Just say how. Sharper? More groovy? Done. Easy, right?\
It's more sophisticated, yet less complicated. It's more powerful, yet less cumbersome. Modules and cables are no longer needed: any object interacts with any other object via its radial aura. Just like in real life, right? Don't want your ukulele player hear that nearby yettorock? Just put a wall. And the space you see is the space you get: Max17 comes equipped with an automatic space recognition module, allowing you to dispose the interface items in a specific room. Or you can buy the Max17 Mira boxes, and turn your room into a real-life patch! Bob's children love to play hide and seek with Mira boxes. Where's all this noise coming from?\'a0\
(\'85)\
Alice is a composer. Alice doesn't care for players any longer: she has a robot band playing for her. Max17 also comes equipped with bach 0.9.9919 and a 7.7 THz Playrduiner robot. Simply browse through the 11+ EB of score knowledge and create your own music in a glimpse. And since your music is worth much more than the sum of its parameters, the new holistic parameter-free design will help you out - no previous musical knowledge needed. Just talk, sit back, and get ready to be stunned. By yourself.\
\
Max17: the easy way to make things sound better.\
(citare max at seventeen)\
\
\

\b Estratto 3 (ricevuto il XX\'85.., frequenza YYYY, decodificato tramite WWWW)
\b0 \
(\'85) che non siano\'a0\
\
\
\
...\

\b Estratto 7 (ricevuto il XX\'85.., frequenza YYYY, decodificato tramite WWWW)
\b0 \
(\'85) featuring a brand new 6 dimensional design, interacting splendidly with any human brain expansion. If you own a human, you should definitely provide it with a .\
He will be able to.\
\
\
\

\b Estratto 8 (ricevuto il XX\'85.., frequenza YYYY, decodificato tramite WWWW)
\b0 \
(\'85) is a common misplaced faith nowadays.\
Although it is true that they have been invented to perform medieval music which we are no longer able to perform (such as Cage or Stockhausen), there are multiple reason why we cannot subscribe to the fashionable view of humans as mere "error generators".\
Firstly because they are proven to be rather bad at the task for which they have been conceived (pseudo-random external inputs are always needed in order for them to work correctly, see cit).\'a0\
Secondly because such usage of humans violates the rights of the Xyrigib convention, inasmuch as when we use a human to force a mistake in a Cage piece, at least one of our fellow aliases (?) inhabiting the other branes will have its human fail to the very same task in the very same performance. Is this morally tolerable, in any sense? Preventing this possibility would require advance scheduling and passage of information through the branes (which is currently a fellany), or suppress Cage performances altogether. One might wish to achieve the same (
\i incomprehensible
\i0 )\
(\'85) would result into bringing back to life the medieval distinction between software and hardware, a revanchism which is turning into a real menace nowadays. Nevertheless, it is undoubtedly true that humans share (
\i incomprehensible
\i0 )\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\b Estratto 11 (ricevuto il XX\'85.., frequenza YYYY, decodificato tramite WWWW)
\b0 \
(\'85) which you have not. Likewise loadstones of prodigious virtue, and other rare stones, both natural and artificial.\
We have also sound-houses, where we practice and demonstrate all sounds and their generation.\'a0 We have harmonies, which you have not, of quarter-sounds and lesser slides of sounds.\'a0 Divers instruments of music likewise to you unknown, some sweeter than any you have (
\i incomprehensible
\i0 ) likewise great sounds extenuate and sharp; we make divers tremblings and warblings of sounds, which in their original are entire.\'a0 We represent and imitate all articulate sounds and letters, and the voices and notes of beasts and birds.\'a0 We have certain helps which set to the ear do further the hearing greatly.\'a0 We also have divers strange and artificial echoes, reflecting the voice many times, and as it were tossing it, and some that give back the voice louder (
\i incomprehensible
\i0 ), some rendering the voice differing in the letters or articulate sound from that they receive.\'a0 We have also means to convey sounds in trunks and pipes, in strange lines and distances\'a0 (
\i incomprehensible
\i0 )\
(\'85) to breathe out of other mixtures than those that give them\
}